You is an American psychological thriller television series based on the books by Caroline Kepnes, developed by Greg Berlanti and Sera Gamble, and produced by Berlanti Productions, Alloy Entertainment, and A+E Studios in association with Warner Horizon Television, now Warner Bros. Television.
The first season, which is based on the novel You, premiered on Lifetime in September 2018, and follows Joe Goldberg, a bookstore manager and serial killer who falls in love and develops an extreme obsession. The season stars Penn Badgley, Elizabeth Lail, Luca Padovan, Zach Cherry, and Shay Mitchell. Lifetime announced in July 2018 that You had been renewed for a second season, based on Kepnes' follow-up novel Hidden Bodies. The series later moved to Netflix and the second season was released in December 2019. The season follows Joe as he moves to Los Angeles and falls in love with local heiress Love Quinn. For the second season, Ambyr Childers was upgraded to a series regular, joining newly cast Victoria Pedretti, James Scully, Jenna Ortega, and Carmela Zumbado.
In January 2020, the series was renewed for a third season by Netflix, which was released on October 15, 2021. In the third season, Saffron Burrows was upgraded to a series regular, joining newly cast Travis Van Winkle, Shalita Grant, Tati Gabrielle, and Dylan Arnold. In October 2021, ahead of the third-season premiere, the series was renewed for a fourth season, which was released over two parts on February 9 and March 9, 2023. The season also stars Charlotte Ritchie, Tilly Keeper, Amy-Leigh Hickman, Ed Speleers and Lukas Gage. In March 2023, the series was renewed for a fifth and final season.
Joe's bookstore (first season)
The first season follows the story of Joe Goldberg, a bookstore manager in New York, who upon meeting Guinevere Beck, an aspiring writer, becomes infatuated with her. He feeds his obsession using social media and other technology to track her presence and watch her in her house and remove obstacles to their romance including her friends and ex-boyfriend.
In the second season, Joe Goldberg moves from New York to Los Angeles to escape his past and starts over with a new identity to avoid his ex-girlfriend Candace who seeks revenge for burying her alive prior to season 1. When he meets avid chef Love Quinn, Joe begins falling into his old patterns of obsession and violence. As Joe attempts to forge a new love, he strives to make his relationship with Love succeed at all costs to avoid the fate of his past romantic endeavors. Unbeknownst to him, Love has dark secrets herself.
In the third season, Joe and Love are married and raising their newborn son, Henry, in the Californian suburb of Madre Linda. As their relationship dynamic takes a new turn, Joe continues to repeat the cycle of obsession with a burgeoning interest in Natalie, the next door neighbor, and local librarian Marienne. This time, Love ensures that her dream of having the perfect family will not be torn away so easily by Joe's compulsive actions.
In the fourth season, Joe Goldberg, posing as Jonathan Moore, is now residing in London, working as an English professor at a respected university, and leading a sedate existence. He has also been following Marienne around Europe in an attempt to locate her. His new life of solitude, however, is disrupted when he begins to bond with a circle of wealthy socialites, who begin to die off one by one as a serial murderer begins to target their elite group. Joe reverts to his old habits when he is pinned with evidence and blackmailed by the killer, who plays mind games with his subconscious. While trying to keep his true identity hidden from the group and working to catch the killer, Joe develops feelings for another woman named Kate.

Cast and characters
Main article: List of You characters
Penn Badgley as Joe Goldberg / Will Bettelheim / Jonathan Moore, a charming bookstore manager at Mooney's who stalks and dates Beck in the first season.[3] In the second season, he goes by the name Will Bettelheim and works as a bookstore clerk at Anavrin, and stalks and dates Love. In the third season, he is going by Joe once more, married to Love Quinn with their child.[3] In the fourth season, Joe is in London and is masquerading as a university professor going by the name Jonathan Moore. Joe is portrayed as a teenager by Gianni Ciardiello in the first season, and as a child by Aidan Wallace and Jack Fisher in the second and third seasons, respectively.
Elizabeth Lail as Guinevere Beck (season 1; special guest season 2, 4), a broke NYU graduate student and an aspiring writer who enters into a relationship with Joe[4]
Luca Padovan as Paco (season 1), Joe's young neighbor who sees Joe as a source of support and a role model[4]
Zach Cherry as Ethan Russell (season 1), a bookstore clerk who works with Joe and dates Beck's friend Blythe[4][5]
Shay Mitchell as Peach Salinger (season 1),[a] a wealthy and influential socialite and Beck's best friend whom she met at Brown University, who harbors a secret passion for her[6]
Victoria Pedretti as Love Quinn (seasons 2–3, special guest season 4), an aspiring chef and health guru in Los Angeles who gets involved with Joe and has dark secrets herself[7][8]
Carmela Zumbado as Delilah Alves (season 2), Ellie's older sister, an investigative reporter who leases Joe's flat to him and they have a brief romantic encounter[9]
Jenna Ortega as Ellie Alves (season 2), Delilah's fifteen-year-old sister who lives in the same block of apartments as Joe/Will[10][11]
James Scully as Forty Quinn (season 2; special guest season 3), Love's beloved and troubled twin brother who relies on Love for support in most matters due to his addictions and mental health issues[10]
Ambyr Childers as Candace Stone (season 2; recurring season 1), Joe's ex-girlfriend who follows him to Los Angeles seeking revenge[12][13]
Saffron Burrows as Dottie Quinn (season 3; recurring season 2),[b] Love and Forty's mother[14]
Tati Gabrielle as Marienne Bellamy (season 3–present),[c] a librarian and keen observer of the neighborhood's denizens. Beneath her practical exterior, Marienne is hiding personal struggles that set her back, as she tries to create a better life for herself and her daughter. She moves with her daughter to Paris after the events of the third season.[14]
Shalita Grant as Sherry Conrad (season 3), a locally famous "momfluencer", admired by her social media followers for her well crafted persona, she often insults people through veiled insults and sees herself as superior to everyone in Madre Linda. She is very fake and only seeks things that support her personal interests.[15]
Travis Van Winkle as Cary Conrad (season 3), a wealthy, charismatic, and self-proclaimed founder who runs his own supplement company and is married to Sherry with whom they share twin girls[15]
Dylan Arnold as Theodore "Theo" Engler (season 3),[d] a troubled college student who has a strained relationship with his stepfather, Matthew Engler, and who has a crush on Love[14]
Charlotte Ritchie as Katherine "Kate" Galvin-Lockwood (season 4), a fearsomely intelligent art gallery director. Her partying boyfriend Malcolm will bring Joe into their lives.
Tilly Keeper as Lady Phoebe Borehall-Blaxworth (season 4), a wealthy social media influencer who is part of the royal family. She is romantically involved with Adam and has a dramatic yet bubbly personality.[16]
Amy-Leigh Hickman as Nadia Farran (season 4), one of Joe's students. She is outspoken and competitive, and a lover of genre fiction.[16]
Ed Speleers as Rhys Montrose (season 4),[e] an author and mayoral hopeful whose memoir about his experiences in prison lifted him out of poverty. He appears to quickly form a connection with Joe over their similar personal backgrounds.[16]
Lukas Gage as Adam Pratt (season 4),[f] an American playboy who hails from a wealthy family and owns Sundry House, an elite London social club. He is dating Lady Phoebe and has a strained relationship with his father, who he typically consults to bail him out of debt from his failed business ventures.[17]
